[DOC] Added example for plotting on fsaverage surface (#98)
netneurolab/netneurotools: docs/installation.rst

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install netneurotools

Optional installation for surface plotting
------------------------------------------

> For surface plots like
> :py:func:`netneurotools.plotting.plot_fsaverage`, you would need
> VTK/mayavi/pysurfer installation. Here is a recipe for installing the
> bleeding-edge version of the dependencies. If you already have a working
> mayavi/pysurfer installation, there is generally no need to follow this
> part.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use surface plotting functionality like
:py:func:`netneurotools.plotting.plot_fsaverage`, you will need a working
``vtk``/``mayavi``/``pysurfer`` installation. These can generally be installed 
with the following command:

.. code-block: bash

    pip install vtk mayavi pysurfer

However, we include instructions below for installing the bleeding-edge version 
of the dependencies. Note: if you already have a working ``mayavi``/``pysurfer`` 
installation, there is generally no need to follow these instructions!
```
